Want me to say
Chen Taiying
You've been in this position for too long
I can't tell how many catties I have
Chen Huangkong is not His Royal Highness the Crown Prince He
Born not emperor
No medicine and food
You are clearly academically incompetent
Dare to deceive people here
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince Mingcha
I dare not lie
this matter
Li Taiyi, who was beside the Crown Prince, also thought so
Why blame money?
You are wrong, Li Taiyi didn't say it at all
Someone bring Mrs. Li up
Li Sizhen, you can have a way to save your father
Report to His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
The antibiotics developed by Weichen before
It has now been successfully developed
Will be able to save the emperor
That's not possible.
Qin Xiu, are you lying to me?
I don't need to lie to you
You call this antibiotic unheard of
I don't know what the method is in the rivers and lakes
How dare you use it on your father?
The prince intends to rebel
Get it for me
I see who dares
World magic board
A concubine is here today
No one can hurt you in the slightest
As expected of my number one master in the world
Lao Wang's sense of security is too strong
Third Prince
Don't you think you're worthy?
In the future, this throne will be mine
How dare you call me a rebel?
Qin Xiu, you don't know
Father has long known that you have the intention of rebellion
Specially issued an edict
Make me the next emperor
inherit the rule